[ECHOING IN]
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE...
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
Croquet: THIS FINAL PLAYOFF
MATCH BETWEEN YUGI MOTO
AND JOEY WHEELER
WILL NOT ONLY DETERMINE
WHO WINS THE TOURNAMENT,
BUT ALSO,
WHO WINS A MATCH
WITH MR. MAXIMILLION
PEGASUS.
[THINKING] I HAVE TO WIN
THAT MATCH WITH PEGASUS.
I HAVE TO STOP HIM
AND SAVE MY GRANDPA!
GRANDPA!
Grandpa: YUGI!
WHATEVER IT TAKES,
PEGASUS MUST BE DEFEATED!
[THINKING]
I HAVE TO WIN THIS
FOR SERENITY.
I WAS HOPING
TO SEE YOU ONCE MORE.
[CRYING]
Mai: HERE.
NOW GO AND WIN
FOR YOUR SISTER.
WHO WOULD HAVE GUESSED
THAT OUT OF ALL THE DUELISTS
WHO STARTED
IN THIS TOURNAMENT,
2 BEST FRIENDS
WOULD WIND UP
IN THE FINAL MATCH?
YEAH! THIS IS
DEFINITELY HARSH,
BUT AT LEAST
ONE OF 'EM'S
GONNA GET A CHANCE
TO TAKE ON PEGASUS.
I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT DON'T YOU THINK
IT'D BE EASIER
IF THEY JUST FLIPPED
A COIN OR SOMETHING?
THEN WE COULD GET
OUR MATCH WITH PEGASUS NOW.
I DON'T THINK
THAT IT WORKS
THAT WAY, TéA.
WELL, WHY DOESN'T IT?
YUGI AND JOEY ARE
LIKE BROTHERS.
THEY SHOULDN'T BE FORCED
TO FIGHT EACH OTHER
LIKE THIS!
I TOTALLY HEAR
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING,
BUT IT'S JUST HOW THIS
TOURNAMENT WORKS.
Téa: WELL,
I DON'T LIKE IT.
JOEY, WAIT A SEC.
LISTEN, YUGE,
I HOPE THIS ISN'T
ABOUT YOU HAVING
ANY SECOND THOUGHTS
DUELIN' ME.
HUH?
COME ON, PAL.
I'M SORRY, JOEY,
BUT I DON'T KNOW
IF I CAN DO THIS.
AW, SUCK IT UP, YUGI.
HUH?
YOU SAID IT YOURSELF.
IF IT CAME DOWN TO US,
WE'D BOTH JUST PLAY OUR BEST
AND MOST HONORABLE DUEL.
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
WE'RE GONNA REALLY KNOW
WHICH ONE OF US
IS BEST PREPARED
TO TAKE ON PEGASUS
IN THE FINAL MATCH.
SO, LET'S DUEL!
[THINKING]
OK, MAYBE JOEY
IS RIGHT.
I MAY NOT WANT
TO DO THIS,
BUT STILL,
IT HAS TO BE DONE
IF WE WANT
TO BEAT PEGASUS.
WHADAYA SAY, YUGE?
LET'S DO THIS THING!
Yami Yugi: YU-GI-OH!
ALL RIGHT, JOEY.
TIME TO DUEL.
Croquet: YOUR GRACIOUS HOST
WILL NOW MAKE A FEW
OPENING REMARKS.
OH, BOY.
[CLEARS THROAT]
CONGRATULATIONS,
DUELISTS,
YOU'RE THE FINEST
IN THE WORLD.
AND FOR THAT REASON,
I LOOK FORWARD TO A MATCH
THAT'S SURE TO CONSIST
OF YOUR DUELING BEST.
AFTER ALL, SHOULD YOU
GIVE ME ANYTHING LESS,
I WILL KNOW.
[PEGASUS CHUCKLES]
YUGI, BEFORE WE START,
I JUST WANNA
SAY THANKS, MAN.
HUH?
JUST LOOK AT ME.
I'M IN THE FINAL MATCH
OF THE BIGGEST
DUEL MONSTERS TOURNAMENT
THAT'S EVER BEEN THROWN.
AND IT'S ALL
'CAUSE OF YOU, BUD.
YOU GOT ME HERE.
YOU LOOKED OUT FOR ME.
YOU'RE WRONG, JOEY.
YOU EARNED
YOUR PLACE HERE.
Joey: THANKS, PAL.
JUST KNOW THAT NO MATTER
WHAT HAPPENS HERE,
YOU'RE MY FRIEND.
AND YOU ALWAYS
WILL BE, YUGE.
BUT, UH, DON'T THINK
THAT MEANS I'M GONNA GO
EASY ON YOU
IN THIS MATCH.
OR THAT I EXPECT YOU
TO GO EASY ON ME.
I'M READY
FOR YOUR BEST!
HA! SO LET'S DO THIS!
HMM.
[THINKING] HMM.
I DON'T THINK PEGASUS
HAS TO WORRY MUCH
ABOUT THESE TWO
NOT DUELING
THEIR VERY HARDEST.
WITH WHAT'S
ON THE LINE HERE
THEY'RE BOTH SURE
TO GO ALL OUT!
[CHUCKLES]
[THINKING] HOW AMUSING.
THE SAME BEST FRIENDS
WHO WOULD DO ANYTHING
TO HELP EACH OTHER
HAVE NOW BECOME
ARCH RIVALS,
PITTED AGAINST EACH OTHER
IN A DESPERATE MATCH
THAT CAN BOAST
BUT A SINGLE WINNER.
WHAT A SPLENDID SHOW
THIS SHOULD MAKE.
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT, JOEY.
YOU ASKED
FOR MY BEST,
AND I INTEND
TO GIVE IT.
[THINKING]
YUGI, I WON'T INSULT YOU
BY GIVING YA
ANYTHING LESS
THAN MY ALL.
I'M GONNA COME AT YA HARD
RIGHT FROM THE START.
♪ HOW'D IT COME TO THIS ♪
♪ AFTER ALL
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH? ♪
♪ TWO OF A PAIR
NOW ON OPPOSITE SIDES ♪
♪ FROM THE VERY START ♪
♪ WE THOUGHT ONLY OF TWO ♪
♪ WATCHED EACH OTHER'S BACK,
AND WE BATTLED WITH PRIDE ♪
♪ WE ARE CLOSER
THAN BROTHERS ♪
♪ NOW WE HAVE
TO FIGHT EACH OTHER ♪
♪ CAN WE TRUST OUR FATE
TO THE HEART OF THE CARDS? ♪
♪ NO MATTER WHAT,
WE'LL LET THE GAME BEGIN ♪
MAY THE BEST MAN WIN ♪
♪ NO MATTER WHAT,
WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER ♪
WE'LL BE FRIENDS FOREVER ♪
♪ NO MATTER WHAT ♪
♪ IT'S BEEN YOU AND ME
HANGING OUT PLAYING GAMES ♪
♪ DIDN'T EVER THINK
IT WOULD GET THIS HARD ♪
♪ TIME'S RUNNING OUT ♪
♪ AND THERE'S
SO MUCH AT STAKE ♪
♪ EVERYTHING RIDING
ON THE TURN OF A CARD ♪
♪ WE'LL SHOW 'EM
WHAT WE'RE MADE OF ♪
♪ AS WE FIGHT
FOR THE ONES WE LOVE ♪
♪ AND WE'LL BE FRIENDS
TILL THE VERY END ♪
LET THE MATCH BEGIN!
♪ NO MATTER WHAT ♪
Together: LET'S DUEL!
I'LL THROW THIS
IN ATTACK MODE.
BRING IT!
Yami Yugi:
GO, CELTIC GUARDIAN!
HMM.
YOU KNOW,
IT WAS ONE THING
WHEN JOEY AND YUGI
HAD DUELS BACK HOME
AND THERE WASN'T
ANYTHING BIG
ON THE LINE.
BUT HERE...
Tristan: EVERYTHING
IS AT STAKE.
HUH?
THE MONEY
FOR SERENITY'S
OPERATION,
THE MATCH THAT COULD
SAVE YUGI'S GRANDPA.
TALK ABOUT PRESSURE.
I WISH THEY COULD
BOTH WIN.
THE STAKES ARE HIGH,
BUT HOPEFULLY AFTER
EVERYTHING'S SAID AND DONE
THERE'LL BE A WAY
FOR BOTH OF THEM
TO GET WHAT
THEY'VE FOUGHT
SO HARD FOR.
[CHUCKLES]
[THINKING]
WISHFUL THINKING, BAKURA.
BUT AFTER EVERYTHING'S
"SAID AND DONE",
I'LL BE THE ONLY ONE
TO GET WHAT I WANT.
INCLUDING WHAT
I WANT FROM YOU!
ALL RIGHT, JOEY.
IT'S YOUR TURN NOW.
OK, YOU ASKED FOR IT!
UHH!
I'M THROWIN'
GILTIA THE KNIGHT!
IN ATTACK MODE!
[HOWLS]
Tristan:
HOW'S THAT FOR STARTERS?
HMM.
GILTIA, ATTACK!
SOUL SPEAR ASSAULT!
[HOWLING]
UHH!
YOUR CELTIC GUARDIAN'S
BEEN CREAMED.
HMM.
I WARNED YA, YUGI.
I'M NOT GONNA PULL
ANY PUNCHES
IN THIS HERE DUEL!
JOEY'S REALLY
NOT KIDDING.
CHECK OUT THE SCORE.
HE'S IN THE LEAD.
DON'T FORGET THOUGH,
TRISTAN,
THERE'S A LONG WAY TO GO.
ANYONE CAN SCORE
AN EARLY LEAD IN A DUEL,
BUT ONLY A FEW CAN PLAY WELL
FOR THE ENTIRE MATCH.
ONLY THE BEST.
EXACTLY RIGHT, TéA.
YOU SEE, TRISTAN,
EVEN THOUGH
YUGI'S BEHIND
IN LIFE POINTS NOW,
HE'S PROVEN HIMSELF
ABLE TO STAY FOCUSED
AND MAKE
THE BIG PLAYS
WHEN THEY COUNT.
NOT THAT JOEY
HASN'T SHOWN
THE SAME PROMISE,
IT'S JUST THAT
YUGI'S HAD
MORE EXPERIENCE.
AND THAT MAY BE
WHAT GIVES HIM
THE EDGE HERE.
[THINKING]
JOEY LEFT HIS KNIGHT
ON THE FIELD
COMPLETELY UNPROTECTED.
JUST ONE OF THOSE
AMATEUR MISTAKES
COULD COST HIM
THE MATCH
IF HE WERE
DUELING PEGASUS.
WHAT IS HE THINKING?
[SPEAKING]
TIME OUT, JOEY!
TIME OUT?
EVER SINCE WE ARRIVED
ON THIS ISLAND,
I'VE DONE MY VERY BEST
TO TEACH YOU
EVERYTHING THAT I KNOW.
NOW YOU MUST PUT EVERYTHING
YOU'VE LEARNED INTO PLAY.
THINK STRATEGICALLY,
YOU CANNOT AFFORD
ANY MISTAKES.
MISTAKES?
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYIN',
YUGE,
THAT I DID SOMETHING
WRONG ALREADY?
IT'S ONLY BEEN
ONE TURN SO FAR.
WHAT I'M SAYING, JOEY,
IS THAT IN A DUEL
OF THIS MAGNITUDE,
EVERY SINGLE MOVE
YOU MAKE IS CRUCIAL.
ONE FALSE CARD,
AND IT CAN COST YOU
EVERYTHING YOU'VE WORKED
SO HARD FOR.
I GOT IT.
EVERY MOVE I MAKE HERE
HAS GOTTA BE
RIGHT ON THE DOT.
THAT'S RIGHT,
BECAUSE HERE NO ONE
LETS A MISTAKE
GO UNPUNISHED.
NOT PEGASUS,
AND NOT ME.
OK! TIME IN!
NOW GIMME
YOUR BEST SHOT, PAL!
I INTEND TO.
GO, GAIA,
THE FIERCE KNIGHT!
[WHINNIES]
ATTACK!
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[HOWLING]
GILTIA THE KNIGHT
IS NO MORE!
YOU SURE TOOK IT
TO ME THERE, YUGE.
GOOD MOVE.
NOW LET'S SEE
WHAT OL' JOEY
CAN COME UP WITH!
THERE.
ARMORED LIZARD.
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[GROWLS]
[THINKING] I KNOW JOEY HAS
A BETTER MONSTER THAN THAT.
HMM, I WONDER WHAT
HE'S PLANNING HERE?
Tristan: WHAT'S HE PLAYING
THAT THROWAWAY MONSTER FOR?
WHO KNOWS?
PERHAPS JOEY HASN'T LEARNED
AS MUCH AS WE THOUGHT.
OH!
[CHUCKLES]
[THINKING]
I SEE, JOEY.
COME ON, YUGE.
IT'S YOUR TURN NOW.
AND I'LL PLAY THIS:
THE SUMMONED SKULL
IN ATTACK MODE!
THAT'S IT.
[ROARS]
LIGHTNING STRIKE!
ATTACK!
ARMORED LIZARD
IS VANQUISHED.
HMM.
LOOK AT JOEY.
HE ALMOST LOOKS GLAD
HIS CREATURE WAS STRUCK.
MAN, THAT'S SAD.
HE'S IN DENIAL ALREADY.
NO. THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT.
I THINK THAT JOEY PLAYED
THAT MEDIOCRE MONSTER OF HIS
SO YUGI WOULD BE LULLED
INTO A FALSE SENSE OF
SECURITY AND ATTACK IT.
AFTER ALL,
JOEY KNOWS FULL WELL
THAT YUGI HAS MONSTERS
IN HIS DECK THAT COULD
EASILY BEAT
HIS ARMORED LIZARD.
NO. I THINK THAT JOEY
WAS JUST TRYING TO DRAW
YUGI'S MONSTER OUT.
SORRY, BUD,
BUT I WAS HOPIN' YOU WERE
GONNA THROW DOWN THAT
SUMMONED SKULL CARD.
I NEEDED HIM OUT
FOR MY STRATEGY TO WORK--
A STRATEGY THAT HAS ZERO
MISTAKES, I MIGHT ADD.
BUT HERE. YOU DON'T HAVE TO
JUST TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
YOU CAN SEE FOR YOURSELF!
GET READY, BUD,
'CAUSE NOW IT'S MY TURN
TO TEACH YOU A LESSON!
GRR...
Téa: JOEY SURE
SEEMS CONFIDENT
THAT WHATEVER HE HAS
PLANNED WILL TAKE DOWN
YUGI'S SUMMONED SKULL.
OK, YUGE.
I'LL PLAY THIS FIRST
IN ATTACK MODE.
THE FLAME SWORDSMAN?
WHY PLAY HIM?
HEH HEH!
THE SWORDSMAN
WON'T STAND A CHANCE.
THE SUMMONED SKULL'S
ATTACK POWER IS
TOO HIGH.
NOT ONCE JOEY PLAYS THAT.
HUH?
I HATE DOIN' THIS
TO YOU,
BUT I'M PLAYING
THE MAGICAL SHIELD
AND SWORD CARD.
OH, NO!
NOW YOU'RE IN FOR IT, YUGI BOY.
THE MAGIC OF THE SHIELD
AND SWORD CARD
FLIPS EACH MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS WITH
THEIR DEFENSE POINTS.
I GET IT NOW.
JOEY'S SWORDSMAN'LL
HAVE MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN YUGI'S
SUMMONED SKULL.
CLEVER MOVE.
SO, HOW'S THAT FOR
PUTTIN' EVERY SLICK MOVE
THAT I'VE LEARNED
HERE INTO PLAY, YUGE?
BET YOU WISH YOU DIDN'T
SHOW ME THE ROPES QUITE
SO WELL NOW, HUH, BUD?
ATTACK!
FLAMING SWORD OF BATTLE!
SUMMONED SKULL'S BEEN
REDUCED TO ASH.
WELL PLAYED, JOEY.
YOU NOT ONLY REDUCED
MY LIFE POINTS,
BUT YOU TOOK OUT ONE
OF MY BEST MONSTERS,
TOO.
THANKS, PAL,
BUT THAT'S NOTHING
COMPARED TO SOME OF
THE OTHER MOVES
I GOT READY TO BUST OUT
IN THIS DUEL.
HEH HEH HEH!
AND I LOOK FORWARD
TO THEM, JOEY,
BUT REMEMBER...
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE
WITH POWERFUL MOVES
READY TO PLAY.
WELL, THEN,
BRING 'EM ON, PAL.
THIS DUEL IS REALLY
HEATING UP.
YES. AND WITH
THE LEVEL OF SKILL
THAT THOSE TWO POSSESS,
I HAVE A STRONG FEELING
THAT THINGS ARE ONLY GOING
TO GET HOTTER DOWN THERE.
UHH! OH, GREAT.
[CHUCKLES, THINKING]
HOW SPLENDID!
THE PASSION, THE DRAMA,
THE FEROCITY!
FRIENDS MAKE SUCH
WONDERFUL ADVERSARIES.
SO, LET'S SEE
ONE OF THEM MOVES, YUGE.
VERY WELL, JOEY.
SUMMONED SKULL WILL
NOW BE AVENGED.
OH, YEAH? WELL, YOU'RE
GONNA HAVE TO GET THROUGH
MY FLAME SWORDSMAN FIRST.
PRECISELY.
CURSE OF DRAGON.
ATTACK MODE!
[ROARING]
[GROANS]
AND NEXT I'LL USE THIS
POLYMERIZATION CARD
TO FUSE MY DRAGON WITH
GAIA THE FIERCE KNIGHT!
WHAT?!
BEHOLD...
GAIA THE DRAGON
CHAMPION!
[CRIES]
[ROARS]
GRR!
NOW, MY DRAGON
CHAMPION, ATTACK!
[CRIES]
[GROWLS]
YOUR SWORDSMAN'S
BEEN TROUNCED.
[GROANS]
OH, MY.
SEE? THIS IS
WHAT I MEANT.
HUH?
NO MATTER
WHAT HAPPENS,
YUGI KEEPS
A LASER-LIKE FOCUS
AND MAKES THE
BIG PLAYS WHEN
THEY REALLY COUNT.
AND NOW I GUESS
WE'LL SEE IF JOEY
CAN DO THE SAME.
HOW CAN JOEY MAKE A BIG PLAY
WITH THAT
DRAGON CHAMPION OUT THERE?
IT'S NOT ABOUT
WHAT'S OUT.
YOU SEE, JUST AS
YUGI WAS ABLE TO
KEEP HIS COOL
WHILE FACING
THAT FLAME SWORDSMAN,
NOW JOEY NEEDS TO
MAINTAIN HIS FOCUS
EVEN WHILE
HE'S BEING ATTACKED
BY HIS BEST FRIEND.
HE'S BEING FORCED
TO THINK ON HIS FEET.
YOU KNOW, IT'S AS IF
YUGI AND JOEY
ARE PUSHING EACH OTHER
TO DUEL THEIR VERY BEST.
Bakura:
I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT.
THEY'RE PUSHING
EACH OTHER AS HARD
AS THEY CAN NOW
SO NO MATTER WHICH ONE
OF THEM WINS THIS DUEL,
HE'LL BE AT HIS BEST
WHEN HE FACES PEGASUS.
OH.
[THINKING, CHUCKLES]
IT SEEMS I'M THE ONLY ONE
WHO APPRECIATES WATCHING
2 FRIENDS PUSH EACH OTHER
TO THE BRINK
OF THEIR ABILITIES.
I GUESS IT'S SOMETHING
OF AN ACQUIRED TASTE.
SO EVEN THOUGH THEY'RE
BEING FORCED TO FIGHT
AGAINST EACH OTHER,
THEY'VE ACTUALLY
FOUND A WAY TO HELP
EACH OTHER.
IT'S AMAZING.
WHOA.
[THINKING] OK.
COME ON, DECK.
DON'T FAIL ME NOW.
HMM. COPYCAT.
OH!
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT. I GOT
THE GRAVEROBBER, TOO!
I THINK
I COULD USE THESE TWO
IN A WAY THAT'D BE
ABLE TO TAKE OUT
YUGI'S DRAGON CHAMPION,
MAYBE EVEN CLINCH
THE MATCH! HA HA!
ALL RIGHT, YUGI.
READY OR NOT, HERE I COME.
[THINKING] I THINK
THIS COMBO OF MINE
MIGHT ACTUALLY WORK.
HEH.
[THINKING] HMM?
WHAT COULD JOEY
BE SMILING ABOUT?
GAIA THE DRAGON
CHAMPION IS ONE OF
MY TOUGHEST MONSTERS.
YUGI, YOUR DRAGON
CHAMP'S DONE FOR.
WATCH THIS!
HE'S DONE FOR?
JOEY MUST HAVE
SOMETHING BIG PLANNED.
HUH?
FIRST I'M SUMMONING
THE RED EYES BLACK
DRAGON IN ATTACK MODE!
YAHH!
[ROARS]
HUH.
AND I'LL ADD GRAVEROBBER
TO STEAL A MONSTER
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD.
MY SKULL?
HA HA HA HA HA HA!
YEAH. THAT'S RIGHT, YUGI.
NOW HE'S MINE.
NO!
HEH HEH!
AND NEXT, I THINK I'LL
THROW DOWN THIS LITTLE
CRITTER RIGHT HERE.
GRR.
CHECK OUT
THE COPYCAT CARD!
NOW I CAN COPY ANY CARD
YOU HAVE ON THE FIELD.
GRR.
AND I KNOW JUST
WHICH ONE I WANT, TOO.
THE POWERFUL,
MYSTICAL, MAGICAL...
POLYMERIZATION!
MY FUSION CARD!
BINGO! I MAY HAVE NEVER
PLAYED IT BEFORE,
BUT I'VE SEEN YOU USE IT
PLENTY OF TIMES.
HUH?
WHA--
RED EYES BLACK DRAGON
AND SUMMONED SKULL,
COMBINE YOURSELVES
INTO ONE!
[ROARS]
Joey: CHECK IT OUT.
THE BLACK SKULL DRAGON!
OH, NO!
[GASPS]
SUPERB! TWO FUSED
DUEL MONSTERS SET
FOR BATTLE. GREAT!
Joey: ALL RIGHT, BUDDY.
I'M PRETTY SURE YOU KNOW
WHAT'S COMING NEXT,
SO YOU'D BETTER
BRACE YOURSELF.
GRR.
GO BLACK SKULL DRAGON!
ATTACK THE DRAGON
CHAMPION NOW!
MOLTEN FIREBALLS!
[ROARING]
UHH!
I DID IT! I CAN'T BELIEVE
I ACTUALLY DID IT!
I JUST TOOK DOWN ONE OF
THE MOST POWERFUL MONSTERS
IN YOUR WHOLE DECK!
I JUST BEAT YOUR
DRAGON CHAMPION!
HMM.
YOU GOTTA ADMIT, YUGE.
THAT WAS A PRETTY SWEET
MOVE I PLAYED...
WITH THE WHOLE
POLYMERIZATION THING AND ALL.
[THUNDERING]
I GET IT. YOU GOT
YOUR GAME FACE ON
TO TRY AND KEEP ME
IN SUSPENSE, HUH, YUGI?
NO, JOEY. I'M JUST
LETTING YOU ENJOY
YOUR TRIUMPH.
YOU PLAYED
A FINE MOVE...
AND NOW ALLOW ME
TO PLAY MINE.
UH-OH, GUYS. I THINK
THIS DUEL'S HEATING UP AGAIN.
YEAH. DID YOU SEE THAT
LOOK IN YUGI'S EYES?
THAT STARE'S MEANT DOOM
FOR MANY A DUELIST!
BUT AT THE SAME TIME...
WHAT?
JOEY SEEMS TO BE ALMOST
UNSTOPPABLE RIGHT NOW.
IT'S TRULY ANYONE'S DUEL.
YUGI...JOEY...
[CHUCKLES] BRAVO!
I SO LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING
HOW THIS WILL TURN OUT.
[CHUCKLES]
READY, PAL?
'CAUSE MY BLACK SKULL DRAGON'S
ABOUT TO END THIS MATCH.
WRONG. THIS DUEL'S
JUST GETTING STARTED.
[THUNDERING]
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪